{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20280\viewh13080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li645\fi-65\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs92 \cf2 \

\f1\b CSS3 : Advanced CSS 2.0 \

\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li645\fi-65\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Border-radius \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}resize \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Transitions\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Animations \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Transformations \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Gradients\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}font-face (custom font)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}filters \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}colors \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li645\fi-65\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f1\b CSS3 resize Property\

\f0\b0 \
The resize property specifies whether or not an element is resizable by the user.\
Note: The resize property applies to elements whose computed overflow value is something other than "visible".\
\
resize: none|both|horizontal|vertical|initial|inherit;\
\
none\
Default value.   The user cannot resize the element\
both\
The user can adjust both the height and the width of the element\
horizontal\
The user can adjust the width of the element\
vertical\
The user can adjust the height of the element\
initial\
Sets this property to its default value. \
inherit\
Inherits this property from its parent element.\
\

\f1\b Example :\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>	<head>\
<title>CSS 3 - Resize</title>\
		<style>\
			body\
			\{\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				font-size: 23px;\
			\}\
			.root\
			\{\
				resize: horizontal;\
			\}\
			div\
			\{\
				border: 2px solid;\
				padding: 10px 40px; \
				width: 500px;\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				\
				resize: inherit; \
\
				/*Options: none | both | horizontal | vertical */\
				overflow: auto;\
			\}\
		</style>\
	</head>\
	<body>\
\
\
<div class="root">\
		<div>Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.</div>\
\
		Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.\
\
		</div>\
	</body>\
</html>\
\

\f1\b CSS3 word-wrap Property\

\f0\b0 \
The word-wrap property allows long words to be able to be broken and wrap onto the next line.\
\
Default value:\
normal\
word-wrap: normal|break-word|initial|inherit;\
normal\
Break words only at allowed break points\
break-word\
Allows unbreakable words to be broken\
initial\
Sets this property to its default value. \
inherit\
Inherits this property from its parent element.\
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<head>\
        <title>CSS 3 - Word Wrap</title>\
        \
        <style>\
			body\
			\{\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				font-size: 23px;\
			\}\
            p.test1 \
			\{\
                width: 270px;\
                border: 1px solid #000000;\
            \}\
			p.test2 \
			\{\
                width: 270px;\
                border: 1px solid #000000;\
                word-wrap: break-word;\
            \}\
        </style>\
	</head>\
\
	<body>\
		<p class="test1">This paragraph contains a very long word: thisisaveryveryveryveryveryverylongword. The long word will break and wrap to the next line.</p>\
		<p class="test2">This paragraph contains a very long word: thisisaveryveryveryveryveryverylongword. The long word will break and wrap to the next line.</p>\
\
	</body>\
</html>\
\

\f1\b CSS3 Colors\

\f0\b0 \
CSS supports color names, hexadecimal and RGB colors.\
In addition, CSS3 also introduces:\
	\'95	RGBA colors\
	\'95	HSL colors\
	\'95	HSLA colors\
	\'95	opacity\
\

\f1\b RGBA Colors\

\f0\b0 \
RGBA color values are an extension of RGB color values with an alpha channel - which specifies the opacity for a color.\
An RGBA color value is specified with: rgba(red, green, blue, alpha). The alpha parameter is a number between 0.0 (fully transparent) and 1.0 (fully opaque).\
rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.2);\
rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.4);\
rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.6);\
rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.8);\
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<head>\
        <title>CSS 3 - RGBA</title>\
	</head>	\
	<body>\
		<div>Hello how are you!!</div>\
\
        <style>\
            body\
			\{\
                background-image: url(sample.png);\
            \}\
            div\
			\{\
                border: 2px solid #a1a1a1;\
                padding: 10px 40px;\
                width: 300px;\
                font-family: Candara;\
                font-size: 30px;\
				\
				background-color: rgba(50, 180, 110,0.2);\
                 /*Syntax: rgba(red, green, blue, opacity) */\
            \}\
        </style>\
	</body>\
</html>\
\
\

\f1\b HSL Colors\

\f0\b0 \
HSL stands for Hue, Saturation and Lightness.\
An HSL color value is specified with: hsl(hue, saturation, lightness).\
	1.	Hue is a degree on the color wheel (from 0 to 360):\
	\uc0\u9702 	0 (or 360) is red\
	\uc0\u9702 	120 is green\
	\uc0\u9702 	240 is blue\
\
	2.	Saturation is a percentage value: 100% is the full color.\
	3.	Lightness is also a percentage; 0% is dark (black) and 100% is white.\
\
hsl(0, 100%, 30%);\
hsl(0, 100%, 50%);\
hsl(0, 100%, 70%);\
hsl(0, 100%, 90%);\
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
<head>\
<title>CSS HSL Color Values</title>\
<!-- HSL model (hue-saturation-lightness) using the hsl() functional notation. \
\
	Hue is represented as an angle (from 0 to 360) of the color wheel or circle (i.e. the rainbow represented in a circle). -->\
\
<style type="text/css">  \
    h1 \{\
        color: hsl(390,70%,60%);\
    \}\
    p \{\
        background-color: hsl(480,50%,80%);\
    \}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <h1>This is a heading</h1>\
    <p>This is a paragraph.</p>\
</body>\
</html>\
                                		\

\f1\b HSLA Colors\

\f0\b0 \
HSLA color values are an extension of HSL color values with an alpha channel - which specifies the opacity for a color.\
An HSLA color value is specified with: hsla(hue, saturation, lightness, alpha), where the alpha parameter defines the opacity. The alpha parameter is a number between 0.0 (fully transparent) and 1.0 (fully opaque).\
hsla(0, 100%, 30%, 0.3);\
hsla(0, 100%, 50%, 0.3);\
hsla(0, 100%, 70%, 0.3);\
hsla(0, 100%, 90%, 0.3);\
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
<head>\
<title>CSS HSLA Color Values</title>\
\
<!-- HSLA model (hue-saturation-lightness-alpha) using the hsla() functional notation. \
\
Hue is represented as an angle (from 0 to 360) of the color wheel or circle (i.e. the rainbow represented in a circle). \
\
The alpha parameter accepts a value from 0.0 (fully transparent) to 1.0 (fully opaque)\
\
-->\
<style type="text/css">  \
    h1 \{\
        color: hsla(360,80%,50%,0.5);\
    \}\
    p \{\
        background-color: hsla(480,60%,30%,0.3);\
    \}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <h1>This is a heading</h1>\
    <p>This is a paragraph.</p>\
</body>\
</html>\
            \

\f1\b Opacity\

\f0\b0 \
The CSS3 opacity property sets the opacity for a specified RGB value.\
The opacity property value must be a number between 0.0 (fully transparent) and 1.0 (fully opaque).\
\
rgb(255, 0, 0);opacity:0.2;\
rgb(255, 0, 0);opacity:0.4;\
\

\f1\b CSS3 border-radius Property\

\f0\b0 \
With CSS3, you can give any element "rounded corners", by using the border-radius property.\
CSS3 border-radius - Specify Each Corner\
If you specify only one value for the border-radius property, this radius will be applied to all 4 corners.\
However, you can specify each corner separately if you wish. \
\
Here are the rules:\
	\'95	Four values: first value applies to top-left, second value applies to top-right, third value applies to bottom-right, and fourth value applies to bottom-left corner\
	\'95	Three values: first value applies to top-left, second value applies to top-right and bottom-left, and third value applies to bottom-right\
	\'95	Two values: first value applies to top-left and bottom-right corner, and the second value applies to top-right and bottom-left corner\
	\'95	One value: all four corners are rounded equally\
\

\f1\b Example -1 :\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<head>\
        <title>CSS 3 - Border Radius</title>\
	</head>\
	<body>\
\
		<div>The border-radius property allows you to add rounded corners to elements.</div>\
		<style>\
			body\
			\{\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				font-size: 23px;\
			\}\
			div \
			\{\
				border: 2px solid #a1a1a1;\
				padding: 10px 40px;\
				background-color: pink;\
				width: 300px;\
\
				border-radius: 40px; /* IE 9+ and Firefox 4+ */\
				-moz-border-radius: 40px; /* Firefox 1, 2, 3*/\
				-webkit-border-radius: 40px; /* Chrome and Safari */\
			\}\
		</style>\
	</body>\
</html>\
\

\f1\b Example -2 :\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<head>\
        <title>CSS 3 - Border Radius</title>\
	</head>\
	<body>\
		\
		<input type="text">\
		<input type="text">\
\
		<style>\
			body, input\
			\{\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				font-size: 23px;\
			\}\
			input \
			\{\
				border: 2px solid #a1a1a1;\
				padding: 5px;\
				background-color: green;\
				color: white;\
\
				border-radius: 25px 15px; \
				/* IE 9+ and Firefox 4+ */\
				-moz-border-radius: 25px 15px; /* Firefox 1, 2, 3 */\
				-webkit-border-radius: 25px 15px; /* Chrome and Safari */\
			\}\
		</style>\
	</body>\
</html>\
\

\f1\b Example -3 :\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<head>\
        <title>CSS 3 - Border Radius</title>\
	</head>\
	<body>\
\
		<p>\
			The border-radius property allows you to add rounded corners to elements.\
		</p>\
\
		<style>\
			body\
			\{\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				font-size: 23px;\
			\}\
			p \
			\{\
				border: 2px solid #a1a1a1;\
				padding-left: 25px;\
				background-color: green;\
				color: white;\
				width: 300px;\
\
				/* Syntax: border-radius: topLeft topRight bottomRight bottomLeft */\
				border-radius: 5px 45px 5px 45px; /* IE 9 and New Firefox */\
				-moz-border-radius: 5px 45px 5px 45px; /* old Firefox */\
				-webkit-border-radius: 5px 45px 5px 45px; /* Chrome and Safari */\
			\}\
		</style>\
	</body>\
</html>\
\
\

\f1\b CSS3 Shadow Effects\

\f0\b0 \
With CSS3 you can add shadow to text and to elements.\
	\'95	text-shadow\
	\'95	box-shadow\
\

\f1\b CSS3 Text Shadow\

\f0\b0 \
The CSS3 text-shadow property applies shadow to text.\
In its simplest use, you only specify the horizontal shadow (2px) and the vertical shadow (2px):\
\

\f1\b CSS3 box-shadow Property\

\f0\b0 \
The CSS3 box-shadow property applies shadow to elements.\
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<head>\
        <title>CSS 3 - Shadow</title>\
	</head>	\
	<body>\
\
		<div>CSS 3 shadow example</div>\
\
        <style>\
			body\
			\{\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				font-size: 25px;\
			\}\
                div \
			\{\
                width: 300px;\
                height: 100px;\
                background-color: yellow;\
\
				/* Syntax: box-shadow: horizontalPosition verticalPosition blurRadius spread shadowColor */\
                 box-shadow: 20px 10px 10px 5px green; /* IE 9+ and Firefox 4+ */\
                -moz-box-shadow: 20px 10px 10px 5px green; /* Firefox 1 to 3 */\
                -webkit-box-shadow: 20px 10px 10px 5px green; /* Chrome and Safari */\
				/* Syntax: text-shadow: horizontalPosition verticalPosition blurRadius shadowColor */\
				text-shadow: 5px 5px 5px #FF0000;\
            \}\
        </style>\
	</body>\
</html>\
\
\
<!--\
Syntax of box-shadow:\
    Horizontal position: 35px\
    Vertical position: 20px\
    Blur Radius: 15px\
    Spread: 7px\
    Shadow color: rgba(r, g, b, a)\
-->\
\
<!--\
Syntax of text-shadow:\
    Horizontal Length: 35px\
    Vertical Length: 20px\
    Blur Radius: 15px\
    Shadow color: rgba(r, g, b, a)\
-->\
\

\f1\b Box Shadow:\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
<title>Example of CSS3 Box Shadow Effect</title>\
<!-- \
The box-shadow property can be used to add shadow to the element's boxes. You can even apply more than one shadow effects using a comma-separated list of shadows. The basic syntax of creating a box shadow can be given with:\
\
box-shadow: offset-x offset-y blur-radius color;\
-->\
\
<style type="text/css">      \
    .box\{\
		width: 200px;\
		height: 150px;\
		background: #ccc;\
		box-shadow: 5px 5px 10px #999;\
	\}\
\
	.box1\{\
    width: 200px;\
    height: 150px;\
    background: #000;\
    box-shadow: 5px 5px 10px red, 10px 10px 20px yellow,15px 15px 30px blue;\
\}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <div class="box"></div></br>\
    <div class="box1"></div>\
\
</body>\
</html> \
           \

\f1\b Text Shadow:  \

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
<title>Example of CSS3 Text Shadow Effect</title>\
<!--\
You can use the text-shadow property to apply the shadow effects on text. You can also apply multiple shadows to text using the same notation as box-shadow.\
\
text-shadow: offset-x offset-y blur-radius color;\
\
-->\
\
<style type="text/css">      \
    h1 \{\
		text-shadow: 5px 5px 10px #666;\
	\}\
	h2 \{\
		text-shadow: 5px 5px 10px red, 10px 10px 20px yellow;\
	\}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <h1>This is heading 1</h1>\
    <h2>This is heading 2</h2>\
</body>\
</html> \
                                		                  		\

\f1\b CSS3 Multi-column Layout\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b CSS3 Multi-column Properties\

\f0\b0 	\'95	column-count\
	\'95	column-gap\
	\'95	column-rule-style\
	\'95	column-rule-width\
	\'95	column-rule-color\
	\'95	column-rule\
	\'95	column-span\
	\'95	column-width\
\

\f1\b CSS3 Create Multiple Columns\

\f0\b0 The column-count property specifies the number of columns an element should be divided into.\
\

\f1\b CSS3 Specify the Gap Between Columns\

\f0\b0 The column-gap property specifies the gap between the columns.\
\

\f1\b CSS3 Column Rules\

\f0\b0 The column-rule-style property specifies the style of the rule between columns:\
The column-rule-width property specifies the width of the rule between columns:\
The column-rule-color property specifies the color of the rule between columns:\
\
The column-rule property is a shorthand property for setting all the column-rule-* properties above.\
\

\f1\b Multiple Columns:\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<head>\
        <title>CSS 3 - Multiple Columns</title>\
	</head>\
	<body>\
\
		<div class="newspaper1">Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text. It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical literature, discovered the undoubtable source. </div>\
		<br>\
\
	    <div class="newspaper2">Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text. It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical literature, discovered the undoubtable source. </div>\
\
        <style>\
			body\
			\{\
				font-family: 'Segoe UI';\
				font-size: 23px;\
			\}\
            .newspaper1\
			\{\
				text-align: justify;\
				border: 1px solid gray;\
            \}\
			.newspaper2\
			\{\
				text-align: justify;\
				border: 1px solid gray;\
\
                column-count: 4; \
                /* IE9+ */\
                -moz-column-count: 4; /* Firefox */\
                -webkit-column-count: 4; /* Safari and Chrome */\
\
                column-gap: 60px; /* IE9+ */\
                -moz-column-gap:  60px; /* Firefox */\
                -webkit-column-gap:  60px; /* Safari and Chrome */\
            \}\
        </style>\
	</body>\
</html>\
\

\f1\b Column -count ::\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
<meta charset="UTF-8">\
<title>Example of CSS3 Multi-column Layout</title>\
<style type="text/css">\
	p \{\
		-webkit-column-count: 3; /* Chrome, Safari, Opera */\
		   -moz-column-count: 3; /* Firefox */\
				column-count: 3; /* Standard syntax */\
	\}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut bibendum nisi egestas suscipit gravida. Sed velit nisl, tristique sed dui mollis, porta tempus ligula. Phasellus vel orci vel arcu pellentesque fermentum. Duis bibendum metus arcu. Aliquam eget tortor vulputate, sollicitudin felis a, mollis libero. Aliquam vitae consequat sapien, id blandit lectus. Integer ac nibh ac nulla tincidunt accumsan sit amet sit amet risus. Integer id nisl urna. In a enim elementum, auctor justo quis, tincidunt augue. Donec nibh dui, congue non neque quis, semper aliquam felis. Praesent efficitur massa vel convallis euismod. Quisque metus lectus, consectetur sit amet justo in, venenatis faucibus nunc. Aenean faucibus, enim id egestas convallis, felis magna mattis est, in ultricies est urna ac nisl.\
    \
    Cras placerat quis tortor quis molestie. Nullam imperdiet gravida velit eget sollicitudin. Nunc dictum pretium justo vel congue. Praesent auctor leo maximus leo aliquam, eget vehicula tortor tincidunt. Vestibulum finibus venenatis dui, nec lobortis mauris convallis id. Maecenas porttitor erat tellus, at vulputate eros euismod a. In aliquam, dolor et bibendum consequat, eros felis ultricies lorem, ac fermentum arcu metus in magna. Integer auctor sapien a massa porta, et suscipit sapien sollicitudin. Maecenas vel hendrerit nibh. Curabitur convallis interdum ornare. Curabitur justo nibh, pretium ac convallis vitae, consectetur sit amet orci. Nunc non enim non ligula efficitur venenatis et at metus. Duis turpis velit, lacinia interdum purus ac, venenatis semper lacus. Aenean mattis fermentum odio ut suscipit.\
</p>\
</body>\
</html>                                		\
\
Column-width:\
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
<meta charset="UTF-8">\
<title>Example of Setting CSS3 Column Count or Width</title>\
<style type="text/css">\
	p \{\
		-webkit-column-width: 150px; /* Chrome, Safari, Opera */\
		   -moz-column-width: 150px; /* Firefox */\
				column-width: 150px; /* Standard syntax */\
	\}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut bibendum nisi egestas suscipit gravida. Sed velit nisl, tristique sed dui mollis, porta tempus ligula. Phasellus vel orci vel arcu pellentesque fermentum. Duis bibendum metus arcu. Aliquam eget tortor vulputate, sollicitudin felis a, mollis libero. Aliquam vitae consequat sapien, id blandit lectus. Integer ac nibh ac nulla tincidunt accumsan sit amet sit amet risus. Integer id nisl urna. In a enim elementum, auctor justo quis, tincidunt augue. Donec nibh dui, congue non neque quis, semper aliquam felis. Praesent efficitur massa vel convallis euismod. Quisque metus lectus, consectetur sit amet justo in, venenatis faucibus nunc. Aenean faucibus, enim id egestas convallis, felis magna mattis est, in ultricies est urna ac nisl.\
    \
    Cras placerat quis tortor quis molestie. Nullam imperdiet gravida velit eget sollicitudin. Nunc dictum pretium justo vel congue. Praesent auctor leo maximus leo aliquam, eget vehicula tortor tincidunt. Vestibulum finibus venenatis dui, nec lobortis mauris convallis id. Maecenas porttitor erat tellus, at vulputate eros euismod a. In aliquam, dolor et bibendum consequat, eros felis ultricies lorem, ac fermentum arcu metus in magna. Integer auctor sapien a massa porta, et suscipit sapien sollicitudin. Maecenas vel hendrerit nibh. Curabitur convallis interdum ornare. Curabitur justo nibh, pretium ac convallis vitae, consectetur sit amet orci. Nunc non enim non ligula efficitur venenatis et at metus. Duis turpis velit, lacinia interdum purus ac, venenatis semper lacus. Aenean mattis fermentum odio ut suscipit.\
    </p>\
</body>\
</html>        \
\

\f1\b Column-gap\

\f0\b0 \
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
<meta charset="UTF-8">\
<title>Example of Setting CSS3 Column Gap</title>\
<style type="text/css">\
	p \{\
		/* Chrome, Safari, Opera */\
		-webkit-column-count: 3;\
		-webkit-column-gap: 100px;\
		/* Firefox */\
		-moz-column-count: 3;\
		-moz-column-gap: 100px;\
		/* Standard syntax */\
		column-count: 3;\
		column-gap: 100px;\
	\}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut bibendum nisi egestas suscipit gravida. Sed velit nisl, tristique sed dui mollis, porta tempus ligula. Phasellus vel orci vel arcu pellentesque fermentum. Duis bibendum metus arcu. Aliquam eget tortor vulputate, sollicitudin felis a, mollis libero. Aliquam vitae consequat sapien, id blandit lectus. Integer ac nibh ac nulla tincidunt accumsan sit amet sit amet risus. Integer id nisl urna. In a enim elementum, auctor justo quis, tincidunt augue. Donec nibh dui, congue non neque quis, semper aliquam felis. Praesent efficitur massa vel convallis euismod. Quisque metus lectus, consectetur sit amet justo in, venenatis faucibus nunc. Aenean faucibus, enim id egestas convallis, felis magna mattis est, in ultricies est urna ac nisl.\
\
    \
    Cras placerat quis tortor quis molestie. Nullam imperdiet gravida velit eget sollicitudin. Nunc dictum pretium justo vel congue. Praesent auctor leo maximus leo aliquam, eget vehicula tortor tincidunt. Vestibulum finibus venenatis dui, nec lobortis mauris convallis id. Maecenas porttitor erat tellus, at vulputate eros euismod a. In aliquam, dolor et bibendum consequat, eros felis ultricies lorem, ac fermentum arcu metus in magna. Integer auctor sapien a massa porta, et suscipit sapien sollicitudin. Maecenas vel hendrerit nibh. Curabitur convallis interdum ornare. Curabitur justo nibh, pretium ac convallis vitae, consectetur sit amet orci. Nunc non enim non ligula efficitur venenatis et at metus. Duis turpis velit, lacinia interdum purus ac, venenatis semper lacus. Aenean mattis fermentum odio ut suscipit.\
  </p>\
</body>\
</html>                                		\
                        		\
Column-Rule\
\
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
<meta charset="UTF-8">\
<title>Example of Setting CSS3 Column Rules</title>\
<!--\
	\
column-count	Specifies the number of columns inside a multi-column element.\
column-fill	Specifies how content is spread across columns.\
column-gap	Specifies the gap between the columns.\
column-rule	Specifies a straight line or rule, to be drawn between each column.\
column-rule-color	Specifies the color of the rule between columns.\
column-rule-style	Specifies the style of the rule between columns.\
column-rule-width	Specifies the width of the rule between columns.\
column-span	Specifies how many columns an element spans across.\
column-width	Specifies the optimal width of the columns.\
columns	A shorthand property for setting both the column-width and the column-count properties at the same time.\
\
-->\
<style type="text/css">\
	p \{\
		/* Chrome, Safari, Opera */\
		-webkit-column-count: 3;\
		-webkit-column-gap: 100px;\
		-webkit-column-rule: 2px solid red;\
		/* Firefox */\
		-moz-column-count: 3;\
		-moz-column-gap: 100px;\
		-moz-column-rule: 2px solid red;\
		/* Standard syntax */\
		column-count: 3;\
		column-gap: 100px;\
		column-rule: 2px solid red;\
	\}\
</style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut bibendum nisi egestas suscipit gravida. Sed velit nisl, tristique sed dui mollis, porta tempus ligula. Phasellus vel orci vel arcu pellentesque fermentum. Duis bibendum metus arcu. Aliquam eget tortor vulputate, sollicitudin felis a, mollis libero. Aliquam vitae consequat sapien, id blandit lectus. Integer ac nibh ac nulla tincidunt accumsan sit amet sit amet risus. Integer id nisl urna. In a enim elementum, auctor justo quis, tincidunt augue. Donec nibh dui, congue non neque quis, semper aliquam felis. Praesent efficitur massa vel convallis euismod. Quisque metus lectus, consectetur sit amet justo in, venenatis faucibus nunc. Aenean faucibus, enim id egestas convallis, felis magna mattis est, in ultricies est urna ac nisl.\
    \
    Cras placerat quis tortor quis molestie. Nullam imperdiet gravida velit eget sollicitudin. Nunc dictum pretium justo vel congue. Praesent auctor leo maximus leo aliquam, eget vehicula tortor tincidunt. Vestibulum finibus venenatis dui, nec lobortis mauris convallis id. Maecenas porttitor erat tellus, at vulputate eros euismod a. In aliquam, dolor et bibendum consequat, eros felis ultricies lorem, ac fermentum arcu metus in magna. Integer auctor sapien a massa porta, et suscipit sapien sollicitudin. Maecenas vel hendrerit nibh. Curabitur convallis interdum ornare. Curabitur justo nibh, pretium ac convallis vitae, consectetur sit amet orci. Nunc non enim non ligula efficitur venenatis et at metus. Duis turpis velit, lacinia interdum purus ac, venenatis semper lacus. Aenean mattis fermentum odio ut suscipit.\
    \
</p>\
</body>\
</html>                                		\
\

\f1\b CSS3 Transitions\

\f0\b0 \
CSS3 transitions allows you to change property values smoothly (from one value to another), over a given duration.\
\

\f1\b How to Use CSS3 Transitions?\

\f0\b0 \
To create a transition effect, you must specify two things:\
	\'95	the CSS property you want to add an effect to\
	\'95	the duration of the effect\
Note: If the duration part is not specified, the transition will have no effect, because the default value is 0.\
Specify the Speed Curve of the Transition\
The transition-timing-function property specifies the speed curve of the transition effect.\
\
The transition-timing-function property can have the following values:\
	\'95	ease - specifies a transition effect with a slow start, then fast, then end slowly (this is default)\
	\'95	linear - specifies a transition effect with the same speed from start to end\
	\'95	ease-in - specifies a transition effect with a slow start\
	\'95	ease-out - specifies a transition effect with a slow end\
	\'95	ease-in-out - specifies a transition effect with a slow start and end\
	\'95	cubic-bezier(n,n,n,n) - lets you define your own values in a cubic-bezier function\
\

\f1\b Delay the Transition Effect\

\f0\b0 The transition-delay property specifies a delay (in seconds) for the transition effect.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl800\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CSS3 Animations\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 CSS3 animations allows animation of most HTML elements without using JavaScript or Flash!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl800\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 What are CSS3 Animations?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 An animation lets an element gradually change from one style to another.\
You can change as many CSS properties you want, as many times you want.\
To use CSS3 animation, you must first specify some keyframes for the animation.\
Keyframes hold what styles the element will have at certain times.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl800\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 The @keyframes Rule\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 When you specify CSS styles inside the @keyframes rule, the animation will gradually change from the current style to the new style at certain times.\
To get an animation to work, you must bind the animation to an element.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Delay an Animation\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The animation-delay property specifies a delay for the start of an animation.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Set How Many Times an Animation Should Run\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The animation-iteration-count property specifies the number of times an animation should run.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Run Animation in Reverse Direction or Alternate Cycles\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The animation-direction property is used to let an animation run in reverse direction or alternate cycles.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li645\fi-65\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 CSS3 Transforms\
\

\f0\b0 CSS3 transforms allow you to translate, rotate, scale, and skew elements.\
A transformation is an effect that lets an element change shape, size and position.\
CSS3 supports 2D and 3D transformations.\
\

\f1\b CSS3 2D Transforms\
\

\f0\b0 	\'95	translate()\
	\'95	rotate()\
	\'95	scale()\
	\'95	skewX()\
	\'95	skewY()\
	\'95	matrix()\
\
The translate() Method\
The translate() method moves an element from its current position (according to the parameters given for the X-axis and the Y-axis)\
\
The rotate() Method\
The rotate() method rotates an element clockwise or counter-clockwise according to a given degree.\
\
The scale() Method\
The scale() method increases or decreases the size of an element (according to the parameters given for the width and height).\
\
The skewX() Method\
The skewX() method skews an element along the X-axis by the given angle.\
\
The skewY() Method\
The skewY() method skews an element along the Y-axis by the given angle.\
\
The skew() Method\
The skew() method skews an element along the X and Y-axis by the given angles.\
\
The matrix() Method\
The matrix() method combines all the 2D transform methods into one.\
\
The matrix() method take six parameters, containing mathematic functions, which allows you to rotate, scale, move (translate), and skew elements.\
The parameters are as follow: matrix(scaleX(),skewY(),skewX(),scaleY(),translateX(),translateY()):\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CSS3 Gradients\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl460\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The CSS3 gradient feature allows you to create a gradient from one color to another without using any images.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Using CSS3 Gradients\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The CSS3 gradient feature provides a flexible solution to generate smooth transitions between two or more colors. Earlier, to achieve such effect we had to use the images. Using CSS3 gradients you can reduce the download time and saves the bandwidth usages. The elements with gradients can be scaled up or down to any extent without losing the quality, also the output will render much faster because it is generated by the browser.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\sa500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Gradients are available in two styles: linear and radial.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Creating CSS3 Linear Gradients\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 To create a linear gradient you must define at least two color stops. However to create more complex gradient effects you can define more color stops. Color stops are the colors you want to render smooth transitions among. You can also set a starting point and a direction (or an angle) along which the gradient effect is applied. The basic syntax of creating the linear gradients using the keywords can be given with:\
linear-gradient(direction, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl396\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Linear Gradient - Top to Bottom\
Linear Gradient - Left to Right\
Linear Gradient - Diagonal\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Setting Direction of Linear Gradients Using Angles\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 If you want more control over the direction of the gradient, you can set the angle, instead of the predefined keywords. The angle "0deg" creates a bottom to top gradient, and positive angles represent clockwise rotation, that means the angle "90deg" creates a left to right gradient. The basic syntax of creating the linear gradients using angle can be given with:\
linear-gradient(angle, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Creating Linear Gradients Using Multiple Color Stops\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 You can also create gradients for more than two colors. The following example will show you how to create a linear gradient using multiple color stops. All colors are evenly spaced.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Setting the Location Color Stops\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Color stops are points along the gradient line that will have a specific color at that location. The location of a color stop can be specified either as a percentage, or as an absolute length. You may specify as many color stops as you like to achieve the desired effect.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Repeating the Linear Gradients\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 You can repeat linear gradients using the repeating-linear-gradient() function.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Creating CSS3 Radial Gradients\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 In a radial gradient color emerge from a single point and smoothly spread outward in a circular or elliptical shape rather than fading from one color to another in a single direction as with linear gradients. The basic syntax of creating a radial gradient can be given with:\
radial-gradient(shape size at position, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...);\
The arguments of the radial-gradient() function has the following meaning:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
position \'97 Specifies the starting point of the gradient, which can be specified in units (px, em, or percentages) or keyword (left, bottom, etc).\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
shape \'97 Specifies the shape of the gradient's ending shape. It can be circle or ellipse.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
size \'97 Specifies the size of the gradient's ending shape. The default is farthest-side.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Setting the Shape of Radial Gradients\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The shape argument of the radial-gradient() function is used to define the ending shape of the radial gradient. It can take the value circle or ellipse. Here's is an example:\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 Setting the Size of Radial Gradients\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The size argument of the radial-gradient() function is used to define the size of the gradient's ending shape. Size can be set using units or the keywords: closest-side,farthest-side, closest-corner, farthest-corner.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 Repeating the Radial Gradients\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can also repeat radial gradients using the repeating-radial-gradient() function.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl960\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 CSS3 @font-face Rule\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl800\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Definition and Usage\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 With the @font-face rule, web designers do no longer have to use one of the "web-safe" fonts.\
In the new @font-face rule you must first define a name for the font (e.g. myFirstFont), and then point to the font file.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl450\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Tip:
\f0\b0  Use lowercase letters for the font URL. Uppercase letters can give unexpected results in IE!\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li645\fi-65\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f1\b Browser Code :\

\f0\b0 \
moz	=	mozilla firefox\
webkit	=	chrome and safari\
o	=	opera\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CSS3 Media Queries\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl460\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 CSS media queries enable you to format your documents to be presented correctly on different size of output devices.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Media Queries and Responsive Web Design\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Media queries allow you to customize the presentation of your web pages for a specific range of devices like mobile phones, tablets, desktops, etc. without any change in markups. A media query consists of a media type and zero or more expressions that match the type and conditions of a particular media features such as device width or screen resolution.\
\
Since media query is a logical expression it can be resolve to either true or false. The result of the query will be true if the media type specified in the media query matches the type of device the document is being displayed on, as well as all expressions in the media query are satisfied. When a media query is true, the related style sheet or style rules are applied to the target device. Here's a simple example of the media query for standard devices.          \
                		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Tip:Media queries are an excellent way to create responsive layouts. Using media queries you can customize your website differently for users browsing on devices like smart phones or tablets without changing the actual content of the page.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Changing Column Width Based on Screen Size\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 You can use the CSS media query for changing the web page width and related elements to offer the best viewing experience for the user on different devices.\
The following style rules will automatically change the width of the container element based on the screen or viewport size. For example, if the viewport width is less than 768 pixels it will cover the 100% of the viewport width, if it is greater than the 768 pixels but less than the 1024 pixels it will be 750 pixels wide, and so on.\
\
Note:You can use the CSS3 box-sizing property on the elements to create more intuitive and flexible layouts with much less effort.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Changing Layouts Based on Screen Size\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li645\fi-65\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 You can also use the CSS media query for making your multi-column website layout more adaptable and responsive for devices through little customization.\
The following style rule will create a two column layout if the viewport size is greater than or equal to 768 pixels, but if less than that it'll be rendered as one column layout.\
\
\
    /* Smartphones (portrait and landscape) ---------- */\
    @media screen and (min-width: 320px) and (max-width: 480px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #7ce7e1;\
		\}\
    \}\
    /* Smartphones (portrait) ---------- */\
    @media screen and (max-width: 320px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #ffd280;\
		\}\
    \}\
    /* Smartphones (landscape) ---------- */\
    @media screen and (min-width: 321px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #9ddfbb;\
		\}\
    \}\
    /* tablets, iPads (portrait and landscape) ---------- */\
    @media screen and (min-width: 768px) and (max-width: 1024px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #ffb497;\
		\}\
    \}\
    /* tablets, iPads (portrait) ---------- */\
    @media screen and (min-width: 768px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #f0e68c;\
		\}\
    \}\
    /* tablets, iPads (landscape) ---------- */\
    @media screen and (min-width: 1024px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #d6b3f4;\
		\}\
    \}\
    /* Desktops and laptops ---------- */\
    @media screen and (min-width: 1224px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #d8ff9d;\
		\}\
    \}\
    /* Large screens ---------- */\
    @media screen and (min-width: 1824px)\{\
        body\{\
			background: #ffc0cb;\
		\}\
               		                                		\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}