{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh11700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CSS3 Gradients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa600\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 The CSS3 gradient feature allows you to create a gradient from one color to another without using any images.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Using CSS3 Gradients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 The CSS3 gradient feature provides a flexible solution to generate smooth transitions between two or more colors. Earlier, to achieve such effect we had to use the images. Using CSS3 gradients you can reduce the download time and saves the bandwidth usages. The elements with gradients can be scaled up or down to any extent without losing the quality, also the output will render much faster because it is generated by the browser.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa500\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Gradients are available in two styles: linear and radial.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Creating CSS3 Linear Gradients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 To create a linear gradient you must define at least two color stops. However to create more complex gradient effects you can define more color stops. Color stops are the colors you want to render smooth transitions among. You can also set a starting point and a direction (or an angle) along which the gradient effect is applied. The basic syntax of creating the linear gradients using the keywords can be given with:\
linear-gradient(direction, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Linear Gradient - Top to Bottom\
Linear Gradient - Left to Right\
Linear Gradient - Diagonal\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Setting Direction of Linear Gradients Using Angles\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 If you want more control over the direction of the gradient, you can set the angle, instead of the predefined keywords. The angle "0deg" creates a bottom to top gradient, and positive angles represent clockwise rotation, that means the angle "90deg" creates a left to right gradient. The basic syntax of creating the linear gradients using angle can be given with:\
linear-gradient(angle, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Creating Linear Gradients Using Multiple Color Stops\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 You can also create gradients for more than two colors. The following example will show you how to create a linear gradient using multiple color stops. All colors are evenly spaced.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Setting the Location Color Stops\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Color stops are points along the gradient line that will have a specific color at that location. The location of a color stop can be specified either as a percentage, or as an absolute length. You may specify as many color stops as you like to achieve the desired effect.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Repeating the Linear Gradients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 You can repeat linear gradients using the repeating-linear-gradient() function.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Creating CSS3 Radial Gradients\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 In a radial gradient color emerge from a single point and smoothly spread outward in a circular or elliptical shape rather than fading from one color to another in a single direction as with linear gradients. The basic syntax of creating a radial gradient can be given with:\
radial-gradient(shape size at position, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...);\
The arguments of the radial-gradient() function has the following meaning:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
position \'97 Specifies the starting point of the gradient, which can be specified in units (px, em, or percentages) or keyword (left, bottom, etc).\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
shape \'97 Specifies the shape of the gradient's ending shape. It can be circle or ellipse.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
size \'97 Specifies the size of the gradient's ending shape. The default is farthest-side.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Setting the Shape of Radial Gradients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The shape argument of the radial-gradient() function is used to define the ending shape of the radial gradient. It can take the value circle or ellipse. Here's is an example:\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Setting the Size of Radial Gradients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The size argument of the radial-gradient() function is used to define the size of the gradient's ending shape. Size can be set using units or the keywords: closest-side,farthest-side, closest-corner, farthest-corner.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 Repeating the Radial Gradients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You can also repeat radial gradients using the repeating-radial-gradient() function.\
}